[Docs] add easyfix/good first issue/docs links (#79830)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/community/contributor_path.rst

Take a look at GitHub issues labeled with the ``easyfix`` and ``good_first_issue`` labels for:

- `Ansible collections repositories <https://github.com/search?q=user%3Aansible-collections+label%3Aeasyfix%2C%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues>`_
- `All other Ansible projects <https://github.com/search?q=user%3Aansible+user%3Aansible-community+label%3Aeasyfix%2C%22good+first+issue%22+state%3Aopen&type=Issues>`_

Issues labeled with the ``docs`` label in `Ansible collections <https://github.com/search?q=user%3Aansible-collections+label%3Adocs+state%3Aopen+type%3Aissue&type=Issues>`_ and `other <https://github.com/search?q=user%3Aansible+user%3Aansible-community+label%3Adocs+state%3Aopen+type%3Aissue&type=Issues>`_ Ansible projects can be also good to start with.

> Add a comment on the GitHub issue you chose to say you are looking at it and to ask for help if you need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you choose an issue to work on, add a comment directly on the GitHub issue to say you are looking at it and let others know to avoid conflicting work. 
You can also ask for help in a comment if you need it.
```
